gh-150636: Clarify difference between copy.copy() and the copy() methods (#150637)
python/cpython: Doc/library/copy.rst

classes (shallow and deeply), by returning the original object unchanged; this
is compatible with the way these are treated by the :mod:`pickle` module.

Shallow copies of many collections can be made using the corresponding

> :meth:`!copy` method (such as :meth:`list.copy`, :meth:`dict.copy`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`!copy` method (such as :meth:`list.copy`, :meth:`dict.copy` or
```

> :meth:`set.copy`), and of sequences (lists, bytearrays, etc) by making a slice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`set.copy`), and of sequences (lists, bytearrays, etc.) by making a slice
```

Reviewer 2: Please avoid Latin abbreviations, as per the [style guide](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language).

Author: What can we use instead?

Reviewer 2: "and so on" is the translation or, reword it to something like "(for example, lists and bytearrays)"

> of the entire sequence, for example, ``alist[:]``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of the entire sequence, for example, ``copied_list = original_list[:]``.
```
I suggest keeping the original full example.

Author: This is not technically correct, because not assignment creates a copy, and a slicing.

Reviewer 2: I don't think the current example quite captures that either, but I won't object.

> But such methods can create an instance of the base type when copying

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However such operations can create an instance of the base type when copying
```
To cover slicing.

Reviewer 3: s/But/However/

Reviewer 2: :w

Author: "method" is used here in more generic meaning, as a way to do things.  Maybe use "However this way"?

Reviewer 2: "this way" would only cover slicing since it precedes the sentence, we need "these ways" or instead:

```suggestion
However, these methods and slicing can create an instance of the base type when copying
```
